c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Debug\SocialApp.dll
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Debug\SocialApp.pdb
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Debug\SocialApp.SocialApp.apk
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Debug\SocialApp.SocialApp-Signed.apk
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.lib.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.xml
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll.mdb
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\SocialApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\SocialApp.dll
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\SocialApp.pdb
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\android\bin\SocialApp.SocialApp.apk
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\registrationlayout.xml
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Debug\SocialApp.dll.mdb
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\SocialApp.dll.mdb
c:\users\kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLite-net.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\profilefeedlayout.xml
C:\Users\Kim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\profilelayout.xml
